Edits Claims (#6011)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-guides-claims.md

{{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Kusama :kusama }} account. You can do this by using the
Polkadot-JS UI [Claims app](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/claims). Ensure that you are connected to
the {{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Kusama :kusama }} network (displayed in the
upper-left-hand corner of the screen).

:::warning Third-party claim processes

Claiming using a third-party process can lead to losing your allocation; therefore, we cannot
recommend using any third-party apps. Manually specifying your transaction data, as specified in our
claims process below, is the only way to ensure you will receive your allocation.

:::

## Generate an Account

You will need to generate a {{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Kusama :kusama }} account
to claim {{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }}. See the
[available wallets and extensions](../general/wallets-and-extensions.md) for more information about
wallets and browser extensions you can use to create an account. In terms of hardware wallet
support, you can use the [Ledger](../general/ledger.md) devices or
[Polkadot Vault](../general/polkadot-vault.md).

### Address Conversion

> If you need to (most likely you don't), you can use

Reviewer: > If you need to (most likely you don't)

The hexadecimal public key is needed for claiming DOT/KSM tokens. What is the intention behind this comment which implies this step is optional?

<img width="853" alt="image" src="https://github.com/w3f/polkadot-wiki/assets/86818441/6010066c-15c2-4bbb-9c07-d8e340efd8a9">

Author: you do not need the tool to convert, you get it directly on pjs

Author: I did not need to use that tool to go through the process, that is why I wrote that. Maybe we can remove that section?

Reviewer: Yeah, if Polkadot JS UI is doing it already, then this section can be deleted.

Author: done

[this tool](https://www.shawntabrizi.com/substrate-js-utilities/) to convert the Substrate SS58
Address to the hexadecimal public key.

![SS58 to Hex](../assets/ss58-to-hex.png)

## Claiming Tokens

The Polkadot-JS [Claims app](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/claims) will guide you through the
process of claiming the tokens.

> ### Select Account on Polkadot

Reviewer: You can remove Polkadot from the section title to remove ambiguity, as this doc is applicable for both Polkadot and Kusama.

Reviewer: Also, it can be confusing to see Polkadot screenshots while claiming KSM

Author: will add an info banner on the top of the page for that

Select the account you would like to claim the
{{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} into and click the "Continue" button to
proceed. Your screen should look something like this:

![claim select dot account](../assets/claim-select-dot-account.png)

### Select Account on Ethereum

Paste the Ethereum address with the DOT allocation indicator tokens and click the "Continue" button
to proceed.

![claim select eth account](../assets/claim-select-eth-account.png)

### Sign Message on Ethereum & Claim

The hex-encoded string that follows the sentence: "Pay

> {{ polkadot: DOTs :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSMs :kusama }} to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ polkadot: DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }} to the
```
